bump emitter version to v0.33 (#2804)
Azure/autorest.typescript: packages/typespec-ts/CHANGELOG.md

## 0.33.0 (2024-09-06)

- [Feature] Fix body optionality default parameter to true for implicit body. Please refer to [#2731](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/pull/2731)

> - [Feature] Scenario testing prototype. Please refer to [#2765](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/pull/2765)

Reviewer: this is test framework update, please ignore it.

- [Feature] Upgrade tcgc to v0.45.4. Please refer to [#2782](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/pull/2782)
- [Feature] Support typecheck command for sample scripts. Please refer to [#2784](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/pull/2784)
- [Feature] Remove the paging dependency in Modular. Please refer to [#2781](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/pull/2781)
- [Feature] Update LRO version in package.json for autorest rlc generation. Please refer to [#2763](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/pull/2763)
- [Bugfix] Set core-util dependency with binder. Please refer to [#2743](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/pull/2743)

> - [Bugfix] Supplement test case for array type. Please refer to [#2703](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/pull/2703)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Feature] Generate plainDate and plainTime as string in both RLC and Modular. Please refer to [#2703](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/pull/2703)
```

> - [Bugfix] Fix boolean literal type. Please refer to [#2776](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/pull/2776)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Bugfix] Fix constant type serialization and deserialization. Please refer to [#2776](https://github.com/Azure/autorest.typescript/pull/2776)
```
